Hi, everyone.
In this election, we are going to talk about the new key word.
All right, so the new key word is the third way of invoking a function.
OK, a common misconception among developers is that the new key word actually is used for invoking
is used for invoking class constructors.
But it doesn't have anything to do with classes.
Right.
It is an unfortunate syntactic trick, a.k.a. syntactic sugar, OK, to make it look like it's dealing
with classes, but in reality it doesn't.
The new keyword actually does for very, very specific thing when we instantiate it.
So when the new keyword is used, the first thing that it does is it creates a brand new object, OK?
And it links that brand new.
The second thing is it links that brand new object.
All right.
To the two links to another object.
The third way is that it is going to invoke that function and also it is going to use a whole new object
to invoke that function.
All right.
We're going to take a look at that and the fourth and final way final think that the new keyword is
going to do.
Is that the new keyword after the function call is done?
If that function doesn't return its own object, the new keyword assumes that human to return the this
keyword.
Right.
So if I were to save this, because this new keyword is going to return a brand new object.
And that brand new object, it is new, it doesn't have any movie property on it.
So for the Disturbed movie, we should get an undefined and if I save it, we get an undefined for that.
How do we know that it returns a brand new object in the context of calling that function?
I'm just going to copy this and I'm going to say cancel that log and I'm going to put it right here
and I'm going to comment that why not?
And when I save it, we can see that this is our movie function.
So this movie function has been called in the context of a brand new object that doesn't have anything
on it, that does not have anything on it.
All right.
We could go ahead, you know what, I'm just going to say that as well, I'm not going to comment that
one out.
We can go ahead and take we can go ahead and add properties and methods to this new empty object.
So I'm going to grab the numpty object and I'm going to say that name and I'm going to call it the new
empty obesity.
Save it, and now let's call that council loga to the council new empty object, and if I say it now,
we can see we have a the new empty object.
It doesn't matter how many properties you create in here.
Even if I say this the name, it is still not going to point to this name because the function call
happens first and then the brand new object is created and then the another property is added to the.
So no matter which way you go round it, you're not going to get this done movie.
So if I were to change this just name, we are still going to get an undefined in here because the function
call happens first and when the function call happens, then the new keyword is going to go ahead and
do all these four things.
So this is the new keyword and this is how it is going to provide us with a syntactic I'm not going
to call it trick anymore because that is a harsh word.
I'm just going to call a syntactic sugar for creating constructors, which you are going to take a look
at in our next or in our upcoming lecture.
See you guys then.